{\rtf1 \pard\tx1500\tx3000\plain\fs20\b1 From: \b0\tab Tom Stone <tstone@usgs.gov>\par
\pard\tx1500\tx3000\plain\fs20\b1 To:\b0\tab <dgriffith@csir.co.za>\par
\pard\tx1500\tx3000\plain\fs20\b1 Date: \b0\tab 2009/07/23 02:19 AM\par
\pard\tx1500\tx3000\plain\fs20\b1 Subject: \b0\tab contact, and ROLO model\par
\pard\tx1500\tx3000\plain\fs20\b1 Attachments:\b0\tab 311g_coeff_tbl.tar\par
\par
Hello Derek \_ it was good to meet you at IGARSS last week, and I thank you \par again for the lift to the airport.  I made my way to check\_in with little \par time to spare, so you really did me a great service, and I wanted to express \par my deepest gratitude for that.  I hope travels went well for you and your \par colleague as well.\par \par I attach a tarfile with the 320 ROLO model 311g coefficients, as given in \par Table 4 of the Kieffer & Stone 2005 AJ article.  It would be interesting to \par see whether your scanned version missed any digits.  For replicating the \par model from the AJ article, care must be taken regarding the input variables, \par as there is mixed use of angular units:\par \par g is the absolute phase angle.  It is used in radians for the phase terms\par with a_n coefficients.\par \par Phi is selenographic sub\_solar longitude in radians.\par \par c_1 multiplies selenographic sub\_observer longitude in degrees.\par c_2 multiplies selenographic sub\_observer latitude in degrees.\par c_3 multiplies selenographic sub\_observer longitude in degrees and \par     selenographic sub\_solar longitude in radians.\par c_4 multiplies selenographic sub\_observer latitude in degrees and\par     selenographic sub\_solar longitude in radians.\par \par The p_n constants in Equation 11 are given in degrees.  The d_n terms must\par be computed using consistent angular units for g and p_n, whether radians or\par degrees.\par \par If you have any questions about your model replication, please feel free to \par contact me.  I anticipate we will have further correspondence regarding \par lunar calibration for the South African Earth\_observing initiative.\par \par Best regards,\par Tom Stone\par \par Thomas C. Stone\par US Geological Survey         phone: (928) 556\_7381\par 2255 N. Gemini Dr.           fax:   (928) 556\_7014\par Flagstaff, AZ  86001         email: tstone@usgs.gov\par \par }